A growing design portfolio

-------------------------------
HOMEPAGE

Welcome to Floração Design!

This website features a portfolio of websites and graphic designs by Austin-based Brazilian designer Gabriela Andrade.

-------------------------------
ABOUT THE DESIGNER

Thank you for taking the time to explore my website! I am a former elementary teacher with a degree in environmental design. I turned to
web design and development when I realized the passion and effort I was putting into my teaching curriculum and materials - including
managing my personal teacher website and our campus' online learning platform - were becoming overshadowed(outweighed) by systemic issues
and inadequate supports.

I chose to pursue web design and development not only because of the interest sparked by my previous work experiences, but also because I
felt it is a field in which I can best apply my meticulous attention to detail, creative problem-solving, and love of graphic design.

I am currently based in Austin, but have spent my life moving around the globe. Use the interactive map below to learn more about the places
I have lived and how those experiences have influenced my design perspectives.

--------------------------
BRASIL

My home country of Brasil is vibrant, spirited, and multifaceted. When I think of my hometown, I taste my vovó's bolo de rolo and surpresa de
uva; I see colorful marketplaces bustling with street vendors and patrons alike; I hear the lyricism of overlapping Portuguese as we share an
after-dinner cafe and tell stories as a family; I smell fresh bread from the padaria around the corner and sea salt breezing in from the shore.
The streets of Brasil have an undercurrent of unadulterated life that you can't help but be invigorated by.

My personal design work leans toward bright colors, engaging shapes, and an overall sense of "joy." Much of that I credit to my roots in Brasil,
where the pursuit of joy in all circumstances is a common mindset and leaks into all aspects of life, from food to clothing to relationships.

-----------------------
HONG KONG

Hong Kong is a city like no other I have experienced since. When I lived there in the 1990s, it was a true melding of culture and minds, where
people from all over the globe seemed to gather into one blended community. In my primary (elementary) classrooms, my group of closest friends
included girls hailing from England, France, India, Germany, and, of course, China.

It is my childhood in Hong Kong that I credit with the global perspective I approach all design from - What are my influences? How can I honor
them in my design? How will my designs be perceived differently by someone in Asia? Africa? How can I make my work accessible to someone outside
of my community? 

As the ways in which we are all connected expand and become increasingly efficient and instantaneous, the importance of providing access to,
understanding, and engaging with a global audience must not be overlooked.

---------------------------
HAWAI'I

The islands of Hawai'i are what I consider "home." It is where I have lived the longest and where my parents currently reside. When I need to
recharge or reset, the ocean has never failed to swallow my worries and strengthen me to emerge into the world anew.

In Hawai'i, Hawaiian Studies is a crucial part of the curriculum and is interwoven throughout the subject areas. In most workplaces, Hawaiian
cultural values and language are often part of mission statements and workplace expectations.  Over the course of my time there, these values
became central facets of my worldview and self-expectations, especially the values of kuleana, mālama, and aloha.

-------------------------
FLORIDA


-------------------------

PUERTO RICO

-------------------------
AUSTIN